chore: update FAQ about deleting users (#694)
knocklabs/docs: content/managing-recipients/deleting-users.mdx

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="Can I delete users from the Knock dashboard?">

>     Yes, you can manually delete individual users from the Knock dashboard;
>     however, we recommend using [the API to delete
>     users](https://docs.knock.app/reference#delete-user), especially for GDPR
>     right-to-be-forgotten requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Yes, you can manually delete individual users from the Knock dashboard;
    this is especially useful when testing in your Development environment.
    We recommend integrating with [the API to delete
    users](https://docs.knock.app/reference#delete-user), especially to fulfill 
    GDPR right-to-be-forgotten requests.
```
Tried to wordsmith this a bit, but I trust whatever you go with 👍

Author: Thanks! Maybe we should just keep it as simple as "Yes, you can manually delete individual users from the Knock dashboard." to avoid confusion, as we address GDPR in other FAQs?

Reviewer: Yeah that works!
